No, no, what have you done now?
If these are gone, I can still prove that the meeting will come,
I just want you and An to stay with me now.
I don’t want to prove it, don’t worry,
I will definitely try my best to accommodate others,
Thank you.
It really attaches to our small company,
When it rains, I think of me leaving the palace,
Am I still living like this under your hands?
Don't worry, I really need this job,
I can, just give me a chance.
I can't bear to drink ugly
You keep resisting your fire to death
Who did you do this?
You pass me and you will be eliminated
what are you doing
You're usually very jealous.
But I was trapped in the construction site
I'll let it go and it'll cost me
I really need a free job
If you initiate it, you will feel pain, okay?
It's your business, right?